:pencil2: on marl activities (#2)
DanySK/slides-2024-sven-visit: content/_index.md

</blockquote>

{{% multicol %}}{{% col %}}
#### Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning 
* Hybrid approach to learning -- combining learning with macroprogramming

> * Focus on large-scaleness -- create a learning system that can scale to thousands of agents

Reviewer: not a word

```suggestion
* Focus on large-scale -- learning systems that scale to thousands of agents
```
